Resolve issue #191 document the new CiviCRM theme subsystem for Sysad… (#192)
civicrm/civicrm-sysadmin-guide: docs/customize/theme.md

## CMS Integration

The CiviCRM theme subsystem allows you to make decisions about what CiviCRM theme should be used. The options avaliable will depend on the CMS that you choose to use. For Drupal and Backdrop you can only choose a theme that will apply for front end CiviCRM pages such as a Contribution Page and also for back office / administration pages such as the advanced search, Contact summary screen etc. For WordPress, Joomla you will be able to make decisions on what theme to use if its a frontend page or if it is a backend page. 

### What determines frontend pages from backend pages

For Drupal and Backdrop the test is prescenece of `is_public` key in the menu route xml for the perticular URL. For WordPress and Joomla the test is whether or not `is_frontend` configuration paramenter is true or not.

## Installing a CiviCRM theme.

> To install a CiviCRM theme, you will need to download an extension that implements `hook_civicrm_theme` an example extension that does this is the [Shoreditch extension](https://civicrm.org/extensions/shoreditch). Once you have downloaded and enabled the extension you should then navigate to the display prefences at Administer -> Customize Data and Screens -> Display Prefecnes and then set the theme you wish to use in the theme configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a CiviCRM theme, you will need to download an extension that implements [`hook_civicrm_themes`](https://docs.civicrm.org/dev/en/latest/hooks/hook_civicrm_themes/) an example extension that does this is the [Shoreditch](https://civicrm.org/extensions/shoreditch) extension. Once you have downloaded and enabled the extension you should then navigate to the display preferences at **Administer -> Customize Data and Screens -> Display Preferences** and then set the theme you wish to use.
```
